v7.5.1: update doc of `require_secure_transport` (#16569) (#16570)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Setting this variable to `ON` requires you to connect to TiDB from a session that has TLS enabled. This helps prevent lock-out scenarios when TLS is not configured correctly.
- This setting was previously a `tidb.toml` option (`security.require-secure-transport`), but changed to a system variable starting from TiDB v6.1.0.

> - Starting from v6.5.6, v7.1.2, v7.5.1, and v8.0.0, when Security Enhanced Mode (SEM) is enabled, setting this variable to `ON` is prohibited to avoid potential connectivity issues for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For v7.5.1 or later v7.5 patch versions, when Security Enhanced Mode (SEM) is enabled, setting this variable to `ON` is prohibited to avoid potential connectivity issues for users.
```
